feat(linux): Initial documentation support for AM62L platform. (#161)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/devices/AM62L/linux/Overview/Download_and_Install_the_SDK.rst

   :name: how-to-run-the-sdk-installer-linux

Make sure that the execute permissions are set. Bring up a terminal
window and change directories to where the installer is located
(probably the Downloads directory) and run the following commands:

.. parsed-literal::

    # For AM62L (am62lxx-evm) Installer
    chmod +x ./ti-processor-sdk-linux-am62lxx-evm-<version>-Linux-x86-Install.bin
    ./ti-processor-sdk-linux-am62lxx-evm-<version>-Linux-x86-Install.bin

Alternatively, you can give execute permissions and run the SDK Installer
by double clicking on it within your Linux host PC.

.. note::
   As a part of the installation, the installer will run a script to configure your
   environment and extract the Linux devkit. This will cause the installation to
   continue for roughly a minute even after it shows that it has reached 100%.

.. note::
   If nothing seems to happen, your computer may be running a 32-bit version of
   its operating system. The installer is 64-bit, and will not execute properly.

**MCU+ SDK for RTOS/NO-RTOS**

.. note::
   Processor SDK Linux AM62Px contains only the Linux specific source and application intended

>    to runs on A53/Linux core. For R5F and RTOS/NO-RTOS side source and applications, refer **MCU+ SDK**

Reviewer: There's no R5 core in AM62L.

This can be reframed as,
```suggestion
   to runs on A53/Linux core. For A53 based FreeRTOS side source and applications, refer **MCU+ SDK**
```
